Update raspberry.md (#85)
kairos-io/kairos-docs: content/en/docs/Installation/raspberry.md

Validating the config is not required in the following process, but it can save you some time. Use [kairosctl]({{< relref "../reference/kairosctl" >}}) to perform the schema validations.
{{% /alert %}}

> {{% alert title="Warning" %}}
> Since Kairos v2.4.0 rpi images are now built differently, before v2.4.0 only a single model was used that was shared between rpi3 and rpi4. Now there is separated models as the buidls are different. 
> Make sure to set the proper `--model=` in your command(rpi3,rpi4) to build the image for your model.
> {{% /alert %}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Warning" %}}
From Kairos v2.4.0 onward, Raspberry Pi models 3 and 4 have different images. The images for those models are built differently. 
Make sure to set the proper `--model=` in your command (rpi3,rpi4) to build the image for your model.
{{% /alert %}}
```

Reviewer: I tried to simplify the wording a bit.
